---
toc: true
layout: post
description: My 20222
categories: [personal, work]
title: My 2022
---


2022 is about to end, and I would say; it's been a great run.
To me, 2022 is a year of change and growth for me, personally and professionally.

## __Work Stuff__

Professionally, I started the year by switching to a new role in engineering, specifically in data engineering. 
If you know me well, you must know I love software engineering and writing code, and during my product days, I often write code after 9-6 product job each day and on weekends.
Honestly,  I have encountered challenges and continue to do; however, I enjoy the challenges and smile each time deploy a solution.

Last Last, my love for Product Management +  Business System Analytics and I chop breakfast, but I missed it though.
Fortunately, I have had the opportunity to assist the product team and the other, which allowed me to continue using those skills and to stay connected to that aspect of my work.

Finally, I got involved in recruiting, particularly for engineering. Recruiting was a new experience and an eye-opening being on the other side of the table. I learned a lot about hiring and gained insights into finding the "right" candidate for a role.

## __Highlights__

One of the highlights of my year was my interview with Amazon. Although I didn't get the job, I was proud that I made it to the final stage of the process (No rejection, but the recruiter gave me another reason). It was the hardest interview I have ever had, and I am glad I was able to rise to the challenge. It was my first interview with a FAANG company, and I passed all the processes including the panel interview. In all, it was a valuable learning experience.

Another highlight is my COO introducing to me one of the Best Computer Engineers/CEO/Founders in Africa. Our meeting lasted an hour and a half, and it was the best. I gained more and took a habit from there that has increased my productivity.

Lastly,  two colleagues and I gave a talk at two international schools in Ghana about Fido and software engineering. I  enjoyed it and even vowed that my kids should attend either of the schools when they are born (fees are currently $11K, so I have more work to do 😊😊).

## __Personal__

In 2022, I set out to improve my interpersonal skills. In all, I am proud of myself. All I can say is I am super cool with everyone at the office.

## __Final__

Compared to 2021, I feel like I have grown a lot this year, and I am proud of my progress. I will continue learning and growing in the coming years.
To the year 2023, I am looking forward to you, and I hope we treat each other good.
In 2023, my goal is simple; __PUSH PASS CHALLENGES and ENJOY LIFE.__

__Peace Out.__
